I'm employed here at TLC as an artist in residence
So this is my work environment.
Most of the artefacts I have here are from my travels
And being a 6th generation artist, you see some paintings of my forebears.
That is all to stimulate the mind.
Over there is my Great Uncle's work.
That is my Grandfather being seduced in Paris by the nightlife.
That is my Father's work the negress above.
The top one is actually an uncle of mine.
This is one of my Father's works, the small painting.
That small painting at the top is his son.
So we carry on. Quite a few.
That is my Grandfather's work, that portrait is my Grandfather's work,
My Father's work, this is by my Father.
They have been quite inspirational by the mere fact that they have their own integrity
and don't really compromise on that.
I think it's very vital to have a work environment where I'm surrounded with my artefacts.
A bit like a think tank.
I think if you look at all artists, you look at the environment they live in,
it's particularly clean at the moment because my canvases are blank.
But then I start working, I don't tidy up because it takes away the essence of what I'm busy with.
I went to see an exhibition in Amsterdam just the other day on voodoo in Haiti
And those things to me are origin, and most of my interests and also within my work
I use origin quite a lot; things that come from the roots.
My works are about things rather than... like if you have the wind
you only can see the wind because of the trees moving or the smoke, or the clouds.
So my paintings are about that space in between the movement and the wind.
I'm off to China, Xiamen - the sister city of Wellington.
And from, I don't really know, about 80 people who submitted their work, 6 were chosen
and I just happened to be one of them.
So I'm going there for about 3 weeks and it's required that I take a couple of works with me.
And work on works over there and give a one and a half hour talk about my work.
I have three different plans; I have plans where I take small canvases with me,
That is Plan A.
Plan B is to take grinders with me so that I get a large mirror over there
and just go berserk on it, just grind my images on the mirror.
And leave the mirror over there. That is my best plan so far.
And the third plan is not to take anything with me and scrounge around in market places
and just see what I can come up with over there.
So I've three kind of plans.
Normally when there's no excuse for me anymore to change my mind
and when I'm totally squashed, and I'm cornered, I probably make my best work.